TELCODOCS-470 - Adding worker nodes to single-node OpenShift clusters using AI (#46277)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-sno-installing-with-the-assisted-installer.adoc

// This is included in the following assemblies:
//
// installing_sno/install-sno-installing-sno.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="install-sno-installing-with-the-assisted-installer_{context}"]
= Installing {sno} with the Assisted Installer

Use the Assisted Installer to install the single-node cluster.

.Procedure

. Attach the {op-system} discovery ISO to the target host.

. Configure the boot drive order in the server BIOS settings to boot from the attached discovery ISO and then reboot the server.

. On the administration host, return to the browser and refresh the page. Wait for the host to appear in the list of discovered hosts. If necessary, reload the link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/assisted-installer/clusters[*Assisted Clusters*] page and select the cluster name.

. Complete the install wizard steps. Add networking details, including a subnet from the available subnets. Add the SSH public key if necessary.

> . Monitor the installation's progress. Watch the cluster events. After the installation process finishes writing the discovery image to the server's drive, the server restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Monitor the installation's progress. Watch the cluster events. After the installation process finishes writing the operating system image to the server's drive, the server restarts.
```

. Remove the discovery ISO, and reset the BIOS to boot to the server's newly installed hard disk.
+

> The server restarts several times, deploying the control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server may restart several times, deploying the control plane.
```

To emphasize it's an automatic process

Author: This wording doesn't imply an automatic process. it implies that there is a possibility that the server will restart.

Author: "The server restarts several times automatically, deploying the control plane."

// This is included in the following assemblies:
//
// installing_sno/install-sno-installing-sno.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="install-sno-installing-with-the-assisted-installer_{context}"]
= Installing {sno} with the Assisted Installer

Use the Assisted Installer to install the single-node cluster.

.Procedure

. Attach the {op-system} discovery ISO to the target host.

> . Reboot the server and enter the BIOS settings upon reboot.

Reviewer 2: Use "after" instead of "upon".

. Change boot drive order to boot from the attached discovery ISO.

. Save and exit the BIOS settings. The server boots with the ISO image.

. On the administration host, return to the browser and refresh the page. Wait for the host to appear in the list of discovered hosts. If necessary, reload the link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/assisted-installer/clusters[*Assisted Clusters*] page and select the cluster name.

. Complete the install wizard steps. Add networking details, including a subnet from the available subnets. Add the SSH public key if necessary.

. Monitor the installation's progress. Watch the cluster events. After the installation process finishes writing the discovery image to the server's drive, the server restarts.

. Remove the discovery ISO, and reset the BIOS to boot to the server's newly installed hard disk.
+

> The server will restart several times, deploying the control plane.

Reviewer 2: Change to present tense: "The server restarts several times,..."
